Docs: Fix incorrect onboarding addon information (#34450)
storybookjs/storybook: code/addons/onboarding/README.md

## Triggering the onboarding

This addon is not included by default in new Storybook projects. To use it, install it and add it to your Storybook configuration.

> If you want to trigger the addon, make sure your Storybook still contains the example stories that come when initializing Storybook, and then navigate to http://localhost:6006/?path=/onboarding after running Storybook.

Reviewer: @GalacticAvenger when you're able, update this wording for the following:
```suggestion
If you're setting up Storybook for the first time, you will be prompted to set up the onboarding addon. If you choose to skip it, you can always install it manually later if needed. To manually trigger the addon, ensure that your Storybook still contains the example stories added by default and navigate to http://localhost:6006/?path=/onboarding in your browser.
```
